Hey guys, welcome back to the "el classo."
This lecture, we're going to get
a little more in-depth with Twitter.
We went over it a little bit in the last lectures,
but we've just kind of blazed through it.
So in the past we covered how there are a lot of ways of finding
people who are complaining about the problem you solve,
and Twitter was just merely one of those
ways of finding complainy people.
But outside of people just complaining about their
lives, which might just sum up human existence,
Twitter is still a goldmine for a lot of things business.
You see, Twitter is just a beehive of people that
are talking about pretty much anything.
Unlike Facebook, you can see and join the
conversations of literally anyone on it.
There are pretty much no restrictions in that regard,
unless you're stalking someone and they block you.
And oh, as I like to point out, there are roughly
300 million people that use it monthly.
There are some people who practically live on this
service, like our president. Because it's an open field
of people talking and displaying their interest,
that's why we use it, and that's why we use it
early on in our business development efforts.
We are still focusing on getting those first 10 precious
customers, and we don't want to have to, say,
build out a six month content marketing strategy
just to get to the point of 10 customers.
For those of you that are not familiar, Twitter is just
a social network where you communicate through
140 character tweets, which are really just
messages that get posted onto a timeline.
It is very similar to, say, like a Facebook news feed,
and then anyone who is following you can read those.
If you're active on it and you help
people out, you'll get a following.
Pretty simple.
The bigger following you have, the
more people will see what you say.
OK, so let's get set up in Twitter real fast, so
you can follow along with the next
strategies. Later on in the course,
we're going to cover how to optimize your
profile and then create inbound traffic to it,
but right now we just want to get set up
so we can start sending messages.
If you have a Twitter, well, then you can
officially skip this part of the lecture.
Just press the skip button, see you next lecture.
All right, so go to Twitter.com, click
"Sign up" on the top right. Now,
don't be distracted by the news updates about whatever
the Kardashians do. I'll satisfy your curiosity and tell you.
Well, they do nothing on camera for a living.
After you hit "Sign up,"
fill out your details and just move on.
Yes, let Twitter tailor their experience for you.
None of that really matters.
You do not actually have to add your phone,
so just skip it to save time, you can go back and do it later.
Pick a username preferably related
to your business in some way.
Now, you can either create this account for yourself
or for your business. An account that's made for
yourself might come off as more
personal when you send messages,
but you'll have to make sure you sound
more personal when you communicate.
There's nothing necessarily wrong with that,
just be aware that if it's coming from a person,
it should sound like it's coming from a person.
Pick whatever username you can get that hasn't yet been
taken by the username squatters and proceed to your page.
Click through and then you can select some interests.
Now, it doesn't really matter what you pick.
You can always go back and change this.
This is just designed to populate your
page on the first time you log in.
Then you can decide to follow the
suggested users they give you.
That, again, doesn't really matter.
Go for it.
If you say yes, then the most recent tweets from
those accounts will show up in your News Feed.
Of course, if you say no, well, then your
news feed is going to be very, very lonely.
Hurray, we are through and now we
have ourselves a brand new Twitter.
First thing we want to do is click on the left hand
side of the picture where you see a picture of an
egg and replace that with an actual
human or business logo photo.
Find the highest resolution image you have of yourself.
I mean yourself, not of a cat or a dog.
I usually am fine with you doing that, but not today.
Whatever you upload,
if it's low resolution, then on Twitter it's going to
look especially bad and blown out of proportion.
Once you have that image up, click on
your name and then click "Edit profile."
Now, here we just want to make sure
we have some information about us.
If it's for you as a person, write what the meaning
of life is and make sure not to get it wrong. After
that, just add a sentence about what you're working
on, with a link to your business, product, or project.
That's really it.
We just don't want this to be blank. Okay. Hurray again,
now you are on Twitter and you can participate in the next lectures
of manually mining some good old fashioned customers.
You can, if you want, to add a cover photo by
clicking at the top of the profile in that rectangle,
but again, that's really up to you. If you've ever
used a service called Canva.com, which we'll
use throughout this course,
you can actually use them to borrow
a template for that cover photo. Really,
it'll take you five minutes.
Either way, not a big deal.
I will see you guys in the next lecture.